And welcome to meeting 5 the
fighting mongooses. Today we
have Adam, Shannon and Daniel
people not available at George,
Madeline and Samuel Slack.
Well, it says George or just
came online. It says active,
but you know. So first point
of the meeting is to complete
the contributions form.
That's been attached to the
meeting thread on teams.
Maybe George just saw that
announcement then. And
he's like.
Gonna jump on. It's popped up
with fill it out. Exclamation
mark. Exclamation Mark's phone.
OK, so I'll give you an update
where I'm at. I've slowly going
through the GitHub repo and
teams. There's lots of stuff
people have added to teams and
haven't added to GitHub, so I'm
slowly moving that across. I'm
not sure where people are at
with their draft, so I need an
update if there actually
completed that I can touch it
and make changes. I've changed
the layout of the website now to
use dropdown menus in the side
NAV bar. Which you can see on
the link. That I posted earlier
today, as well as the report.
The written report template has
been changed to suit the
feedback we got from the last
shooter. So we will be able to
add an appendix page for all
the images that we add in, as
well as an Updatable content
page that has clickable links
to direct you to that section
of the page.
Yeah.
We're going to keep career
plans, assign. Yes, we can, or
you can change it.
There is a new section that I
notice we have to actually add.
Now career plans. It does say he
that it's knew for this
assignment. This is where this
is, but I think that's incorrect
'cause they just change the name
and I think we added more than
we had two for the last
assignment, so we covered it.
Yes, we. I think we have to add
group process. How well do you
think the group work together
and assessment too? Well that
just I'm thinking of stealing
the combined bit on the
selection. Yeah, I like that
idea. Yeah, and then just
mentioning what changes that
we're putting in for this
assessment. Like we've changed
the layout of our report.
Well, I'm fixing the grammar and
a few other things using grammar
Lee. Putting in
some sexy photos.
Nobody wants to see
you without a shirt.
Come on man.
Everybody wants to see the new.
The.
The new my new arm. Oh yeah,
is that note was that you I
had you posted that the other
day did on Discord. Yeah,
it's like is it new?
That's also what today is 5
hours getting needles jabbed in
my arm for that. That that's the
complete completed or still
needs color color, yeah?
What is it? It's better on
disco. It's a it's a Valkyrie
OK, is that like Marvel Universe
or something? No Viking OK yeah
yeah cool Viking Angel that
comes down and takes him to
anyway I digress continue yeah
yeah that looks good man.
No, actually you know what we
should change our assessment
5 instead of a Mongoose, can
we get the valkyr?
Yeah.
I probably could, but yeah,
we're getting Monday off
storyline and will change it.
We wanted Epic battle in an open
field. Can you put that song
over our website? The flight of
the Valkyries to the classic
like operatic? 1 yes.
I could do that if you want.
So like from.
Like a public apocalypse.
Now use that and then on the
big bombing scenes maybe
think they do.
They want a wrestling fan.
No professional wrestling.
Is it acting time, not
wrestling, that is
professional acting following
if you want to call that
'cause? I don't know if I've
watched a little bit of it and
they've all slept with each
other's wives.
Is it there's a goal? Invasion,
I was going to use that when the
Mongoose entered. It's pretty
tough, but I decided against it.
Oh in the animation yeah, in the
animation he's gonna he's gonna
come in like a a wrestling
entrance with fireworks and ****
don't be wearing one of those
Mexican wrestling mask.
He probably could.
Can I use them? I'm quite
happy with the video.
Heard feedback from used to so
it's on YouTube now it's famous.
Think it's possible?
Sure.
Yeah hi Daniel. What sections
were you working on? 'cause I
had to reprint the piece of
paper that I'm working off with
the grades. What sections were
you doing? I was doing risks and
tools and tech and scopes and
scope and limits and I've
uploaded risks and I've uploaded
the scope and limits to team. So
what page where they I got aims
plans, role scope and limits?
That was the one you do. Yeah
yeah yeah it's in the.
Scope and limits and tools and
tech. Girls in tech and risk.
I'm still I'm still doing the
tools and tech one. I was
going to even type it up
during this meeting.
And I'm not.
And I'm pretty sure Matty was
doing time frame.
Yeah, yeah, I never wrote down
what everybody else is doing.
Testing, I'm not sure
who's doing testing.
Oh roll. Skills and jobs.
That was Samuel.
Yeah, he's done that.
Yeah, we were just ******* spot
plus again. *** ****.
Now we gotta make everybody out
in this one. 'cause yeah, that's
so I'm just gonna.
I would so ****.
The next one is like this person
wasn't anything better than the
last. I felt sorry for him. I
gave at least it too.
But none of us could actually
see the feedback anyone else
gave, yeah? So.
I just repeated, however,
Pigs act same.
Yes, I did great.
Work in which everybody
did that.
I'm just going to rip
through everyone this time.
Oh, then, roll the four
weeks. Gonna wear any
freaking slow array like.
It went pretty quick.
It's like at the end, like
everybody's just suddenly
disappear like we got, we hit
that hump where everyone was
online for the meetings and now
it's just like, yeah, I'm not.
I'm not connecting three days
left. Well I didn't much like
turning up to Tim's last video.
God there is only million.
Yeah, Meanwhile look like with
their right? Yeah, yeah.
Tonight. No, not really. He's
like it's the last week. I don't
expect many people to come. It's
a pretty boring week of module
work, so it's just your
reflections. So we just pretty
much ******** for awhile.
Talked about the new AMD
graphics card, talked about
there. I was looking on the,
you know the quiet, of course.
Why discord people are saying
Oh no, no, the NVIDIA is
better than the AMD and like
under there what? What do they
call it? The system build
advice through just like Oh my
God, I don't know if that what
role in the other person that
convincing the buy garbage or
what. But it's just man.
I am days half the price and
videos. Uses twice as much power
price for virtually the same
performance. Yeah frame per
second. You know. Maybe it only
beat it out in 4K. And honestly,
who the hell is gaming in 4K?
Only way I could play a 4K
game is if I plugged into my
TV and it's been doing a
firmware update for the last
30 minutes. I think it's fine.
I'll give you gonna be playing
4K like. You're gonna need a
monitor worth a few grand.
And well yeah, OK.
Are you really gonna notice no
notice on a monitor that small
thing? I play all the first
persons I play. I play at 1080
and most of the ships turned off
so I don't see grass and folder.
So let's go on chasing the frame
rates, and then they're like I
need a graphics card that can do
4K. Yeah, with everything on
high, but then they have
everything on low anyway, yeah?
Yeah, how fast are they? Cheap
4K monitors and they have heaps
of ghosting anyway and like
page sharing. Yeah there are
cheaper ones in motion.
Blurring pens on the panel if
you get like an IP S screen
panel then there fairly good
'cause it's only like a two
millisecond delay but it's the
cheap cheap crap. Yeah, there's
don't. It's got like a TFT
display.
Yeah.
So you want an IP S display if
you want good Blacks and stuff
like that. Yeah, I just go
along and a Freesync monitor
or G sync monitor depending
which card you go and yeah.
Other net for then I said, you
know, the I your eyes can't
really tell pass. You know like
any higher than like the 60
Hertz 70 Hertz refresh rate.
Yeah.
That's right, that's why she, oh
I succeed in videos like I got
240 you know refresh rate and
like account, could you see the
difference is like no.
It's like that like that
competitive for like 4K when
they're trying to advertise 8K.
Now they're like peoples eyes
can't. Yes yearly see 8K like
if that. You know the most that
they're gonna top out is like
just over 4K so it's no point
in going all the way to 8 or
anything beyond that because
the human I just can't see it.
Yeah you actually have to get
closer to the screen. It's like
jumping from 1080 to 4K. Do you
know it's the only notice it if
I'm using the zoom function on
my remarks?
Leaving the.
I said the new NVIDIA cards 4K
even with everything on high
leaving shadow of the Tomb
Raider. Still somewhat ultra
sits at 40 frames per second.
Yeah, that's what's the point.
So does anyone want to?
Since we went, we went off
topic on the meeting.
Is there anything we might have
missed? Oh, do not meeting
meeting agendas and meeting
action files were missing like
most of 'em, I think I've got 2.
Yeah, I don't know waiting.
Yeah, I think last week I'll
probably take the chair for
that one and fill those out. I
said I was going to but then I
got drunk. I know that whatever
one I shared I didn't do it. So
I've gotta do it. And then this
one I'll do as well.
Um?
If we don't hear from Matty.
Before it's time to really time
training it, yeah.
How long is it gonna be?
And where, where am I supposed
to submit the artifacts? Don't
know why, and that's a good
point. I didn't think of that.
Do the PDF.
No, that's not. That's not for
the artifacts, that's just the
presentation that I don't think
the artifacts are for you. You
might have to put a link in the
PDF and then shot him in the
GitHub. Does a rubric that
mentioned it somewhere there it
is. Artifacts have been included
on project plan, so I've just
gotta stick him in the project
plan simply there.
I don't know what actual section
under project plan that comes
under. Fair enough.
Maybe testing? Testing
yeah.
Oh **** you know what I gotta
do? I gotta do the sketch.
And I know ******* I knew I
forgot something.
To do.
Storyboard.
So yeah, table Monroe for
each week.
The time frame doesn't look like
it be too much I guess. Was it
3? Um?
I had effects. I had to deliver.
Or two. Right?
But that yeah, now it just
says you your delivered
artifacts were realistic,
aligned with your planned to
deliver. That's all it says.
It's just artifacts is
included, so at least at least
two yeah. So storyboard
sketch, some UI examples,
which the UI examples. There's
gonna be a couple. So yeah,
that's a bunch. But it does. I
classify them as like one type
is what I'm thinking.
And I'll just grab the ones
up once an Apple. You are in
ones are Android UI. Yes,
separate completely serious
everyone, yeah.
Well, I did look, I can export
it and make it an app, but.
I think I've gotta pay to put
it in the App Store. Yeah, I
know it's just like I'm not.
I'm just I'm not I really
wanna pay just to have an app
where you push a button and it
just goes to the next window.
What is the presentation rubric?
*******.
Discussions for the modules is
like Redis article and do this.
And you need to pay a
subscription to read the
article. So yeah, it was
just right in there is
like I'm not paying the
******* read this ****.
Can you not download the?
Assignment
is grading sheet for Assistant
Bible was there none, although
the rubric oh, it's just on the
page. It doesn't have PDF. Video
content was 10% video blank 5%.
Right, but how does that mark
breakdown work? 10, five and
five means exactly 20%.
Oh wait, that's right 20%
overall. Oh yeah, and there's no
drafts. Admission will result in
a deduction of marks, but
there's no deduction noted.
Oh yes, I'll just decide. I
guess they'll probably say,
oh, you're losing 2% one
percent off each one or or
didn't read that uploaders
upload is one single file. And
like everyones PowerPoint ones
in Word, yeah, above one
single file to canvas for the
draft. So you can just deal
with it like I'd rather you'd
rather read the script side by
side with the storyboard not
having to scroll all the time,
yeah?
And so I think I think we've
got assessment fly in the bag.
Yeah, that one's good. Should
be there should be fine.
So we got the team profile.
Team name stays the same.
Personal information stays the
same. Nobody wants to change
that. I did do grammar updates
to that, which I'll push onto
the site too. I mean, once
again that whole thing is
worth 5 marks or just.
Just a simple copy over is fine.
Yeah, that's all I did.
Career, Oh yeah, you were doing
something. That group process is
a group process. I'm gonna take
the feedback that we did on the
last assignment the the main one
that I wrote up and just write
how will be champ yeah and then
just add some BS to the end. Oh
yeah, we reviewed their feedback
and blah blah blah and yeah.
I'm actually putting BS in my
hand notes. Career plans
compare. Compare an.
Compare and contrast the career
plans, including ideal jobs for
each person in the group. This
may have changed due to feedback
from assignment one and two.
What common elements are there,
if any? What difference is what
differentiates each position
from the others. If anything,
how some more different are your
career plans across the group?
This is new for this assignment,
so it's not new for us because
we did it in a 3.
Awesome. Stargate 2.
Tools, yeah well that's the same
as the last one.
Copy and update for May 2.
'cause we did. We did do
above and beyond for 80. We
did to make sure we had
everything to carry across to
the other assignments, yeah.
Yeah, so we got
project description.
The overview and
detailed description
was done by.
Weather say no.
What? Overview and detailed
description. Yeah alright, so
sorry the overview was the
same, that wasn't.
I'm not sure even who got
assigned that. Is that George?
Maybe?
Testing, does anyone know who
ended up with that?
Check everything last
meeting. I'm pretty sure
every single section had that
someone attached to it. Yeah,
well, Mattie was writing down
the notes from the last one,
I'm pretty sure.
And we never got into jail.
Are there any other nights?
Roll.
So we all take that. If nobody
has, I'll probably take testing
if nobody's done it, it's 11
paragraph. It's not.
It's OK, we're gonna
make this app, yeah?
Daniels doing the risks and.
Scott, please join Group Process
is in communications.
Damn, one of one of the other
three. None of the other three
I'll just put quickly, quickly
mock that up if need be.
Communication between groups
members is arguably the most
important aspect, yes, but
they're not online.
Is anyone else concerned
about was massive Page
1? Where was that one?
They want big Section 1, pretty
sure that was meant to be
detailed description with the
aims. And everything.
Plans in progress.
Yes, it plans 3 or 4 pages and
that got assigned to George.
So I think I've seen I've seen
it on there. I think it's
currently sitting at two. I
know Sam was putting into it
as well. I'm just gonna open
it up. I'll see there is some
subheadings on there as well.
Where are we? I3
Project detailed description.
Closing price
I didn't say it.
Group processes and
communications. George did.
Is plant plans in progress plans
in progress? The folder here we
are Sam. Sam's doing.
Oh
oh, there is.
Yeah, there's meetings and
communication on that one too.
Yeah, yeah, I think George is
doing meetings and
communications for some reason.
Are good processes and
communication.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's done that. I'm not
sure I can't remember if he
finished all his work.
Somebody, somebody actually
did. Pretty good one. Yeah, I
think I think he did say no.
Sam did that. Sam did the
communication. I was like the
writing is too good here.
I'm such * ****.
Oh hey man, I was talking
about you.
It was me for a little bit.
Alright.
We're just saying what a bad
job that you did on group
processes and communications.
He's going to be back. He'll be
back. How long is he gonna? When
is it gonna be back?
No long OK.
So Sam did that.
So when he gets back on my just
gonna tell him how **** the work
was done, we had to rewrite it.
Well, how much we got there.
1.
Yes, I'm pretty sure like that
that the document we just gotta
toss it. 'cause group processor
computing communications is just
it's horribly formatted. I don't
know who wrote that one.
He's gone again.
You don't get to say
you're joking.
Is this like?
I work, I'm not coming back.
Is he got a problem with his
computer or something?
Yeah today is gone, yeah? So we
were just talking about like we
found it. Somebody done group
processes and communications
were not sure who bet it was
like absolutely horrible.
So we're just going to toss
it and we're going to start
again. Yeah, no worries. If
someone else wants to do
that, that's fine.
Now it's like.
I started doing roles today.
Girls, yeah, but it's a bit
weird because it was a bit
flexible. What everyone did so.
I set up yeah, so it's only on
GitHub so far this is a backup
of what I've been doing so far,
so alright, so it's not on teams
yet. Only just started doing it.
Early today.
We started the meeting along
like I don't know who's doing
what, but nobody's told me if
they're done yet.
Yeah, yeah. I also
started doing the.
The The big one. I got it one
page of that but I haven't
done much after that. 'cause
that's the plan to progress
progress. Yeah those I was
concerned 'cause I thought
George was doing.
I think he did a couple
paragraphs. Yeah, and what that
was it? Yeah, all the sort of
bold headings or what needs to
be filled out obviously. Yeah, I
just sort of did like a few
quick ones to. To edit out in
there, but also could do, but
I'm like I moved house this
week, so it was a bit Township.
Yeah, and I think you did
mention that last week that
you were moving and I don't
have Internet yet, so I'm
using my mobile phone.
So yeah.
Oh yeah, that's all good,
but it moved it now. So
that's all sweet.
They will get all that nice. Now
you've just got boxes
everywhere. Yeah, pretty much.
The people are moving now at the
moment like a few people I know
and they're like, sending me
photos online. I'm still gonna
unpack Oh my cool boxes. Yeah, I
think I'll be unpacking for
awhile 'cause. I'm pretty busy
and I just got another job as
well. So now I have three jobs
sorry yeah. Nice one, it's
always easy to get a job when
you've already got a job.
Same thing like collect jobs.
It's just the first ones,
always hardest to get, but but
one of the jobs I just work
whenever I want, so I'm just
not going to work for that one
anymore. I just work whenever
you want or they want.
Um, so I say when I'm
available then they say, can
you work this day? And then I
say yes or no. I think yeah.
So now I just won't put myself
available for anything.
Project Aim who wrote that?
Steven
autumn lojo
I've got. I've got Steven in our
group apparently. Steven Archer
jello. I'm guessing
that's George.
OK, yeah, I've been had a Steve
but yeah. I'm just right
clicking on the Word document to
say here, right? And I and
that's the name that whoever's
office that was registered to.
OK. Ends in progress Sam, but I
didn't realize there was a
meeting today, though like I
thought that you say last week
was a once off.
Tell me know we have it
on Tuesday.
Well, I just complete the last
one. I think it would have been
there as well. Just have another
one tomorrow. Yeah, no worries
'cause I was surprised 'cause I
went on my computer. I'm like,
oh **** there's a meeting going
on so we do not select meetings
like the last assessment, yeah.
They'll be a few this
week, I'm assuming.
1:00 today to see what we need
to do tomorrow night tomorrow,
Thursday, Friday, in the
morning Friday at lunchtime,
Friday in the afternoon and
then Friday before bedtime is
just going to be a 24 hour one
on Friday. It's going to be a
stream 'cause it haha so bad
trying to upload it to GitHub.
I wonder if there's a limit on
how long teams will let you
record for. This video is
edited. Yeah, there probably is.
I can look it up.
I think so. We got. We do have a
lot of the content, it's just
mainly that it's it's just all
the writing stuff. And yeah,
it's just the biggest thing,
yeah, and we haven't heard from
Mattie, so hopefully we hear
from Mattie tomorrow. Yeah,
she's doing fine frying and I
needed to unlock some videos
video from eating so that I
can convert it and put it on
the website.
I probably won't have a chance
till tomorrow anyway when I get
home from work, so the meeting
will probably be on then. But
you're right, if I just edit.
In teams that file.
Which one is the
what was that one?
There's a file where
editing at the moment.
The plans in progress when
we talk about the Big Four
pager isn't. Isn't Sam
working on that?
Meet me in Georgia working on
it, but I'm I've just done one
page so far. Sam, George and.
Sam, George and Shannon.
But there's a few
things on that.
Begin.
Please don't know.
Yeah, just to feel like extra
processes that I was like both
me and George weren't involved
in. OK, the promotional
material in tutorials.
Ah crap, yeah, I gotta
make a tutorial video.
Oh ****. That was the 3rd.
And the original concept design.
Which is the scrap piece of
paper you know napkin? Oh
actually gonna draw it on a
napkin. So maybe like original
concept and design and then
updates and changes that we made
as we went along.
Yep.
And many think communication. I
could probably do that after
after we've done most of our
stuff, yeah. Well, even if ISIS
goes through like we agreed to
work on this document in teams
itself. I can put you in
little teams and then bring it
over to GitHub later. Yeah
yeah. But we all waited in
teams then we all know what's
as long as somebody doesn't
leave it open until the whole
day.
Shouldn't be an issue. Maybe
it was who was it last time I
think it was Daniel Daniel.
We're working on the same
thing and he left it open.
So it doesn't wait the
hospital visit.
So I guess you have to keep
committing for it to save to the
whole thing, so yeah.
Yeah, well, well well well
put in obviously animate
those headings are putting
this dot potluck.
The basics of it and then
elaborate further as I'm
writing. So if I get to a point.
Well, that makes sense.
Now references she said they
said that they wanted like a
one reference thing.
Yep.
So I'm going to try and workout
how I can link your references
from like so if you know how you
do your inline like note for it.
I've been text citation, yeah,
in like so you say on this page
of the book blah blah blah blah.
And then you, you know how, uh,
I'm trying to work out how they
do it, where they got a
reference page they just put
like a, uh, a number to a
reference item so they can look
at the reference in the
reference. So so that's like
Chicago style referencing. Yeah,
but we we have to use the
Harvard style. So which is in
line so that both in line. But
with Chicago use like a number
and then it's like foot notes at
the end alright. With Harvard
you have to do like the person's
name and the date.
In the in the in text citation
and then the and then the
references. You elaborate what
the references. OK.
So I'm just trying to work out
how I can make that a link in in
the PDF to jump to that
reference with they click on it
to see France if we have like a
reference section, yeah, we
could link from that in text
citation like just like the date
or whatever you'll click click
on the date and it goes to the
reference section. So yeah. And
then it can be whatever that is.
That's how Wikipedia works a
little bit. Yeah so.
But the pain he asked to get
some of the other stuff,
something like the headings. I
don't know if you did you look
at it? Was it Daniel you that
looked at the PDF so far?
Earlier, yeah.
Is that like you click on it
and it will drop you down. But
like you know 'cause it goes
like 3 layers or three layers
were painting. Yeah I didn't
even check functionality of it.
I just looked at it. Yeah any
of those items in the PDF on
the contents page if you click
on it, it jumps straight to
that section like it would on a
web page. That's pretty easily.
I. And that works. 'cause that
was a complaint that they had
that it wasn't well formatted.
So I was like, oh, I'll fix some
of this. I'll show you show you
well formatted. That's sweet.
No, they will be there.
If you got time for it,
otherwise you can just leave
those in text citations and just
leave the references just as
opposed to land at the end.
'cause I've still gotta do
the website updates as well
at the same time, yeah?
I think I'm going to have a
light very light Friday
night and I'll be submitting
this at 11:15.
Alright, hold on.
I'll stay up Tuesday to make
sure you're awake doing it.
What I'll stay up too, just to
make sure that you're awake
doing it will be on team will be
sitting on teams together all of
a sudden. Averages are.
Just get back to it. It's like
wake up wake up too.
It's pretty like everyone else
agrees this is half the work
over the other one.
Oh yeah, I mean you still better
writing. There's a lot of
writing and then we're gonna
have to proofread it.
And Maddie was gonna do
proofreading with me. But I
don't know if she's gonna do
it. So it's just been me and
a good old grammar, Lee.
You have to marry will be
tomorrow night. See what's
going on. Hopefully she'll
have that time frame sorted.
'cause she was gonna ask for
some information on that. She
never got around to it, yeah?
I've anyone wants to write their
group reflection. Feel free.
I've written wine and uploaded
it too. I just put it in the
same places the group collection
from assignment two in teams.
I wasn't sure where do we have a
second in the old channel? Yeah
yeah, no channel. Second, find
another group reflection
channel. Yeah that Shannon guy
that makes him pretty slack.
I can always I stood up most of
it. I did put it into
discussions on most of 'em. But
so did you put it on. I'm
looking at feedback and then a
three group reflection, Daniel.
Launch empty no no. What's
the channel called a group
reflection do?
Bye. That should be falling
right in that spot.
Yeah, that's fine. Look, I just
created a folder and we go look.
If they do, you pay market in a
decent time. I could just delete
all the old channels.
Well, they've already.
Dot net, but are they want
us to keep the work on there
anyway. They said, just move
it into folders. There you
go. Now it's in ask too.
We can just reuse that one.
My feedback is gonna say I
worked with the most horrible
group of people ever.
No, there were no daily
beatings as requested.
Alright, anybody else have
any questions or concerns
for this meeting before I
end the recording?
Uh. No, just went there. Next
meeting tomorrow, alright 8:00
o'clock. Yes, be fun ****.
Do we want earlier?
Later we can do 10.
Always keep it that way.
You still at home.
I got my story meetings, got my
last programming one, but it
should be pretty
straightforward. I just gotta
ask about Assignment 3.
So what was your marking
assignment? Too soon I got 14
out of 15 so dumb I forgot to
use an elseif statement.
That's it. So I lost the
whole map for that.
Just so I can stop it, yeah,
yeah. I was reading through
the rubric. I'm like weird I
missed that I had to.